adding web ui v2 config ref (#1233)
temporalio/documentation: docs/references/ui-configuration.md

```yaml
enableOpenApi: true
```

## cors

The name of the `cors` field stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing.
Use this field to provide a list of domains that are authorized to access the UI Server APIs.```

```yaml
cors:
  allowOrigins:
    - http://localhost:3000 # used at development by https://github.com/temporalio/ui
```

## refreshInterval

How often the configuration UI Server reads the configuration file for new values.
Currently, only [tls](#tls) configuration values are propagated during a refresh.

```yaml
refreshInterval: 1m
```

## defaultNamespace

The default Namespace that the UI loads data for.
Defaults to `default`.

```yaml
defaultNamespace: default
```

## showTemporalSystemNamespace

When enabled—that is, when set to `true`—the Temporal System Namespace becomes visible in the UI.
The Temporal System Namespace lists Workflow Executions used by the Temporal Platform.

```yaml
showTemporalSystemNamespace: false
```

## feedbackUrl

The URL to direct users to when they click on the Feedback button in the UI.

> If left empty, it defaults to the UI's Github Issue page.

Author: ```suggestion
If not specified, it defaults to the UI Server's GitHub Issue page.
```

> If not specified, it defaults to the UI Server's GitHub Issue page.

Author: ```suggestion
If not specified, it defaults to the UI's GitHub Issue page.
```

> If left empty, it defaults to the UI Server's Github Issue page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If left empty, it defaults to the UI's Github Issue page.
```

```yaml

> feedbackUrl: https://github.com/temporalio/ui-server/issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feedbackUrl: https://github.com/temporalio/ui/issues/new/choose
```
